Clarify JS code inlining capabilities (#4701)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/js/js-interop.md

fun jsTypeOf(o: Any): String {
    return js(getTypeof() + " o") // error reported here
}

fun getTypeof() = "typeof"
```

> > As the JavaScript code is parsed by the Kotlin compiler, not all ECMAScript features might be supported,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> As the JavaScript code is parsed by the Kotlin compiler, not all ECMAScript features might be supported.
```

> > in which case compilation errors will be reported.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In this case, you can encounter compilation errors.   
```

{style="note"}

Note that invoking `js()` returns a result of type [`dynamic`](dynamic-type.md), which provides no type safety at compile time.

## external modifier

To tell Kotlin that a certain declaration is written in pure JavaScript, you should mark it with the `external` modifier.
When the compiler sees such a declaration, it assumes that the implementation for the corresponding class, function or

> property is provided externally (by the developer or via a [npm dependency](js-project-setup.md#npm-dependencies)), and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
property is provided externally (by the developer or via an [npm dependency](js-project-setup.md#npm-dependencies)), and
```
